---
title: "I'm spoiled without toil"
excerpt: "What's more human and technology?"
---

I'm excited for what the future has to offer us.

Technology brings so much excitement and innovation and, most-importantly
brings us closer to being our most human selves, free from toil.

I've been reflecting on all the wonderful advances in toil-reducing automation
I now realize I've come to assume as commonplace.
As an exercise in gratitude, I thought I'd list them.

---

Thanks to personal automobiles, humans have been freed from the toil involved
in short and medium distance travel. Although, this was true when the automobile became
a household accessory, it became true yet again when the technology advanced to a point
where you could travel in a similiarly-sized autombile at twice the speed (which also
had the added benefit of removing the toil of a slow and prolonged death for a great
multitude of people).

For long-distance travel, look no farther than your local airport.
The airplane, the legendary FLYING transport of the sky, now offers humanity
a way to travel across continents and oceans without the slightest inkling of toil.
Just close your eyes and imagine how, after a day spent traveling with your family,
you lack the fatigue associated with the toils of long-distance travel of yore.

And speaking of fatigue, let's be grateful for the technological advancements hiding
in plain sight in our homes. I remember a time, before the advent of the washer and dryer,
when folks would complain about the laundry. But now? We've washed our lives clean of toiling
for outwear without a stain or wrinkle.

The (clothes) washer isn't the only washer which requires praise for innovation. Such toilful
duties "the dishes" used to require, before the advent of the dishwasher. Where there was sweat
and labor and sore muscles before, now jubilent smiles and a song on the lips as "doing the dishes"
has become a synonym for "leisure".

And speaking of dishes, cooking the food on them also went through a technological revolution.
Not only did the electric stove and oven elminate the toil of making heat from sticks, but
again the toil (which was already vanquished) was eliminated when mankind introduced: the microwave.
Gone was the struggles of slowly and painstakingly exherting yourself over a hot stove or oven.
The microwave as a technological advncement can be thanked for having a hot, nutrious, sating meal
every meal.

---

All the technological advancements (and so many more) sum up to a life spent in bliss. The free time
I enjoy because of them I've been able to trade for currency which unlocks EVEN MORE toil-expelling
technologies.

My life simply couldn't get any easier or more relaxing, and yet somehow it will with tomorrow's
"latest and greatest" innovation in automation.
